README.md, before:

# Data analysis: "metapigs_base"
# Manuscript: Community composition and development of the post-weaning piglet gut microbiome

### how to preview the html files (krona plots): 
### 1) copy link to html file
### 2) [click here](https://htmlpreview.github.io/?https://github.com/GaioTransposon/metapigs_base/blob/master/out/moms.html)


## R version info: 
### platform:       x86_64-apple-darwin15.6.0                          
### status:                                     
#### major:          3                           
#### minor:          6.1                         
#### year:           2019                        
#### month:          07                          
#### day:            05                          
#### svn rev:        76782                       
### language:       R                           
### version.string: R version 3.6.1 (2019-07-05)
### nickname:       Action of the Toes 


## Scripts for the production of all figures and stats, in order: 
### 01_pos_controls_reads.R
### 02_phylodiv.R
### 03_guppy_groups.R
### 04_guppy_XML_process.R
### 05_guppy_plots.R
### 06_guppyfat_XML_process.R
### 07_guppyfat_plots.R
### 08_sortmerna.R
### 09_weight_gain.R


## List of packages:
readr , readxl , data.table , tibble (v2.1.3) , openxlsx ,  splitstackshape ,  tidyr , tidyverse , dplyr , plyr (v1.8.5) , forcats (v0.4.0) , wordspace ,  ggplot2 , pheatmap , ggbiplot , factoextra , plotrix (v3.7-7) ,  gridExtra , grid , cowplot , magrittr , broom , purrr (v0.3.3) , ggpubr , grDevices , colorRamps , magick , tiff , colorRamps ,  robCompositions , EnvStats , corrplot , rstatix , sva (this has got Combat, careful not to install “COMBAT” instead) , dunn.test (v1.3.5) , varhandle (v2.0.4) , vcd , summarytools , corrplot ,  taxize

Commit message:

read me updated with links to html files

README.md, after:

# Data analysis: "metapigs_base"
# Manuscript: Community composition and development of the post-weaning piglet gut microbiome

### For Krona plot of mothers [click here](https://htmlpreview.github.io/?https://github.com/GaioTransposon/metapigs_base/blob/master/out/moms.html)
### For Krona plot of piglets [click here](https://htmlpreview.github.io/?https://github.com/GaioTransposon/metapigs_base/blob/master/out/piggies.html)

## R version info: 
### platform:       x86_64-apple-darwin15.6.0                          
### status:                                     
#### major:          3                           
#### minor:          6.1                         
#### year:           2019                        
#### month:          07                          
#### day:            05                          
#### svn rev:        76782                       
### language:       R                           
### version.string: R version 3.6.1 (2019-07-05)
### nickname:       Action of the Toes 


## Scripts for the production of all figures and stats, in order: 
### 01_pos_controls_reads.R
### 02_phylodiv.R
### 03_guppy_groups.R
### 04_guppy_XML_process.R
### 05_guppy_plots.R
### 06_guppyfat_XML_process.R
### 07_guppyfat_plots.R
### 08_sortmerna.R
### 09_weight_gain.R


## List of packages:
readr , readxl , data.table , tibble (v2.1.3) , openxlsx ,  splitstackshape ,  tidyr , tidyverse , dplyr , plyr (v1.8.5) , forcats (v0.4.0) , wordspace ,  ggplot2 , pheatmap , ggbiplot , factoextra , plotrix (v3.7-7) ,  gridExtra , grid , cowplot , magrittr , broom , purrr (v0.3.3) , ggpubr , grDevices , colorRamps , magick , tiff , colorRamps ,  robCompositions , EnvStats , corrplot , rstatix , sva (this has got Combat, careful not to install “COMBAT” instead) , dunn.test (v1.3.5) , varhandle (v2.0.4) , vcd , summarytools , corrplot ,  taxize
